ENH allow shrunk_covariance to handle multiple matrices at once (#25275)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  is now deprecated and will be removed in v1.5.
  :pr:`25251` by :user:`Gleb Levitski <glevv>`.

:mod:`sklearn.covariance`
.........................

- |Enhancement| Allow :func:`covariance.shrunk_covariance` to process

>   multiple covariance matrices at once.

Reviewer: Then we need to mention somehow that we handle nd-array.

  :pr:`24935` by :user:`Seladus <seladus>`, :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`, and
  :user:`Dea María Léon <deamarialeon>`, :pr:`25257` by :user:`Gleb Levitski <glevv>`.

> :mod:`sklearn.covariance`

Author: Ok, done.

.........................

> - |Enhancement| Added parameter checking for `shrinkage` in
>   :func:`covariance.shrunk_covariance`. Added ndarray processing.
>   :pr:`25275` by :user:`Quentin Barthélemy <qbarthelemy>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Allow :func:`covariance.shrunk_covariance` to process
  multiple covariance matrices at once.
  :pr:`25275` by :user:`Quentin Barthélemy <qbarthelemy>`.
```
